CONN-4388: Added limitation for Sysdig Secure state (#5246)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/sysdig-secure-source.md

<a href="/files/c2c/sysdig-secure/example.tf" target="_blank">Download example</a>

## Limitation 

> While ingesting runtime resultIds, this source supports a maximum of 9,000 active resultIds, exceeding this limit may cause the source to return a `FIRST-PARTY-GENERIC` error type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While ingesting runtime `resultId`, this source supports a maximum of 9,000 active instances of `resultId`. Exceeding this limit may cause the source to return a `FIRST-PARTY-GENERIC` error type.
```
